do not
it's a very nice memory, my beginning in
the league endesa also that day we
we faced against juventus where
played mario fernández a base that
he was here for many years and he left
footprint in the fans and in the own one
club we also get we do not get
win we lost two points and that
beginning of season, then a little
complicated
well it would be difficult to say that all
moments but but some like the
first win to get the league
Endesa against Barcelona on this court
also with follow-up the first
points then I keep them with memory with
I thought they seemed very good match
I remember last year when we passed the
playoff against cashier when
we went to the cup semifinals
it could be said in many moments but
those are perhaps the most beautiful
Well, this morning, one more morning
they just started to enter all the
throw anything at the track
it left and besides the student is that day
I was allowing enough shots
and happening behind us the blockages and
for all the right day and get
also the embi asks of the day that
for a player with my characteristics
it is quite complicated
the best I do not know but I could tell you
two or three against Barcelona over
some defense about Juan Carlos Navarro
I remember it and it seems like matches
very nice maybe that black job that
Sometimes some party is not seen so much
against bilbao with two extensions here in
home that we were good I was able to a
little change the pace of play but
that would be the matches that you could
say black work
very well I think we have a very team
compensated with two players per
position that I can do it well
anyone at any time
also with me on track the team is
having very good partial and
happy moment 40 we can not ask
more and I hope to continue at this level and that
my team keep winning
I hope to see me in the league endesa in acb
whatever it is called but playing
basketball